hello Emma class 64 are here and today
I'm just in a flat world but also it has
a massive glass of ringing glass dome
around us that yes he's been guessing i
actually am actually going to make the
hunger games map i said i was going to
make so on I requested a map from on the
microphones at the end is God replace me
through my mail which is really good and
I thank him heaps for porting he said he
ported this he said he ported import
other maps I think he putted this which
is pretty good because it's pretty big
so it's not as big as normal Hunger
Games maps in other life minecraft on PC
and yeah i did so i was going to do a
minecraft hunger games gameplay but
actually conquers accidentally upgraded
1.7 so that deleted the server i'll use
I mean the server what I used is only
for 1.7 and it's because it's cracked I
won't work with anything else
unfortunately so yeah um this is
probably going to be for like eight
plays but I do have more than eight
chess as you can see I've got some chest
surrounds you know they're not fake
which I don't know why you would think
that and yeah so i probably will try to
get the hunk games today but if not oh
well and also details going to be making
an intro which i am going to be trying
to make any intro so hopefully i'll
probably after I make this video and
well I won't actually a floating
straight away but when I finished with
this video for the young pewter and try
to see if I can get any more in my care
try making an intro see ya please also
please comment some ideas what to put in
my hunger games map and your idea could
be in my hunger games map and I prefer
making a heap of stuff in here so this
map will probably be out in after 0.74
no no I won't be surprised if it comes
up after before 0.8 point
I better yeah so if you want the latest
information on 0.7 point 0 an
eight-point oh please subscribe to me
and I've done update videos as soon as
some pictures and all those leaked other
stuff gets out and so yeah thanks for
watching please leave a rake like
comment subscribe and please go check
out my other videos a little let's play
Mike escape customer for you don't know
that is go watch the video on it and
yeah it's got like over 1400 downloads
which is pretty good so please go
download it support me share it around
so some good youtubers and stuff can
play it and if you do happen to play any
more maps please leave a comment and
I'll go watch it leave the lock on your
video you do play and I'm not subscribed
but if I think you do good videos see it
go and much more video thank you please
leave a like for more videos and
subscribe